4	Thank you thank you thank you !! I  want to thank the people that made this place happen ....you have made all my dreams come true. Imagine a delicious yogurt shop with super fun flavors like peanut butter, chocolate mint, cake batter and so many more.  I used to have to travel to  Yogurtland or Jujuberry  but not anymore , now we have one right in the hood!! Guess what?   instead of eating a normal lunch I can pig out with a healthy peanut butter yogurt smothered in chocolate chips.   Could be the perfect lunch!!  See you there!\
5	A Humane Society store at the Biltmore?  Interesting.  I had seen an adorable chihuahua mix at the Humane Society's webpage, and headed over to check out the little dog and the store.  They sell a variety of toys, treats, leashes, collars, and foods- in short, they sell a little bit of everything.  There's no tax, and if you adopt a pet from them they will give you 10% off the price as a thank you.  When I went there were 4 dogs up for adoption, a rabbit, and a wall of cats.  The little chihuahua mix was hanging out in the store with another little dog, so we got to play with them for a little bit.  The staff were friendly, and weren't pushy or hovering.  \\n\\nIn the end, we did end up adopting that little chihuahua mix from here.  He's the sweetest little dog ever.  Thank you Petique!\
1	Don't buy Nike sneakers if you want to return or exchange them.. I've bought many from them. I went this week  and bought 2 pairs of Nike SB's that were already over retail price as it is.. I tried on one side then bought them... When I got home I realized that one of the shoes were damaged.. It's only been 2 days and they said they can't take it back.. I've bought many shoes there and this will be the last time... I'm from Nor Cal and people are crazy about sneakers out there and all the shops will accept a return or exchanged within 14- 30 days.. This was the first place that does not do that.. Why? Because sneakers and SB's are not big in AZ... They don't sell here.. I wouldn't buy them there if I were you.\
3	I have to say I love most things about Sprouts and especially this particular store, it's clean & has a nice selection of environmentally thoughtful & healthier products. I know you might hear a BUT coming & unfortunately there is. On our last trip there we discovered that in the bulk section, some of the foods are made with partially hydrogenated oils!!!!! That is a definite fail in that area! Sprouts can have good deals but because of the specialty items they carry... you can walk out of there spending a pretty penny. I am not complaining about that. BUT again we did not expect that at this kind of store we would have to think twice about looking for trans fat in their products. We will always shop there so it's not a deal breaker... just a let down. :( Maybe that is something that could be fixed?\
5	The tire pressure light came on a day or so ago, so I had my husband fill the tire with more air. Took it down to Discount Tire this morning, and apparently I ran over a hunk of metal a few days ago. Although it was pretty busy in there, they fit me in and had my tire repaired in about 30-35 minutes. Cost = $0. Totally awesome. And they didn't try to sell me new tires! Love that. \\n\\nPlus one of the technicians in the garage was singing so loudly to Lady Gaga that he could be heard in the waiting area. Very entertaining. :)\
4	Good Pizza and great service!!\\nThe date dinner for two special is great for its value, available on Thursdays after 6:00 pm!!!\\n It included an entree, two salads and one pizza of your choice!!! \\nEnough food for two!!! :) The garlic french fries were bomb!!!! Deliciously seasoned. As for our friend, the birthday boy, he had pepperoni pizza and that by itself was great, better than our BBQ Chicken pizza I would say!!\\n Fun place, great service, AWESOME YOUNG MAN SERVING!!! :) We came here with a group of 12 and were seated urgently and smoothly!! :) Oh and the Pomegranate Martini was Oh soo Great!!! A must try, a bit strong, but that's how I like them!! :)\
5	Found this place looking for a taqueria on line. I wanted authentic mexican food. NOT taco bell! I found exactly what I was looking for. I got the Carne Asada burrito. It was bigger then Chipolte's for $2.00 less! The asada was very good and lean, no fat. I was staying in the area for 5 days and found myself eating here four times! Very friendly service and clean. My son said he knew it was going to be good even before we walked in because of the mexican music playing outside, and he was right! TAQUERIA MI CASITA ROCKS!  I will definately find my way back here again.\
3	Its nice to support the locals vs the big chains, however some times its a trade off. \\n\\nIt was nice to get free won ton chips at the table.  The upgrade to brown rice is a bit steep however at $1.\\n\\nThe dishes them self were decent but nothing too impressible and when you ask for hot sauce you get a small dish of chilli oil, hardly enough for a true fire head. \\n\\nIf you are in the area give it a try, but don't drive too far you will be just as happy or happier at a peiwei for about the same price.\
5	I was so excited when I saw this place opening. We moved here from California so this was yet another thing we left behind. Fortunately all our favorites are slowly following us here. Eventually California will fall into the ocean and we'll have beach front property and we'll be set. I digress. \\n\\nThis BevMo particularly is really well stocked and large. Larger than a lot of California ones and the people here are all really helpful. If they don't have something in stock, they can order it for you and get it in pretty quick. They used to have a great bar in it with wine and beer tastings but it's gone now. Some problem with licensing - I'm assuming liquor license. I can empathize with the bureaucracy. I just filed our quarterly taxes and its driven me to drink - hence BevMo.\\n\\nEven if you have nothing in particular to buy, take a walk through. It's like Disneyland for adults. Unless you're a Mormon. Then it may not be for you. But if you're not, it's great. (Special bonus - HUGE selection of tiny liquor bottles to stash for lame dry wedding or to keep on hand for general times that require tiny bottles of booze.)\
5	"""This was also my first play, sad I know! Although I missed the first half of \\The Clean House\\"""" I was lucky enough to find someone that caught me up to speed! We got seated on the lower level left balcony very close as soon as I sat down I pretty much laughed thru the rest of the play, it was a great story! I had no idea there was cussing in the theatre! The cast was excellent, I am also a fan of Felicity La Fortune (Lani) she appeared in a soap I used to watch I thought she was fantastic!! I missed the Wicked Bakery & Gelato spot stuff afterward's no worry's Wicked is near by and I am planning a visit soon, like tomorrow lol! Seeing the play was a treat all by itself a good time was had! Thank you Yelp and Gabi!!"""""""\
5	A Humane Society store at the Biltmore?  Interesting.  I had seen an adorable chihuahua mix at the Humane Society's webpage, and headed over to check out the little dog and the store.  They sell a variety of toys, treats, leashes, collars, and foods- in short, they sell a little bit of everything.  There's no tax, and if you adopt a pet from them they will give you 10% off the price as a thank you.  When I went there were 4 dogs up for adoption, a rabbit, and a wall of cats.  The little chihuahua mix was hanging out in the store with another little dog, so we got to play with them for a little bit.  The staff were friendly, and weren't pushy or hovering.  \\n\\nIn the end, we did end up adopting that little chihuahua mix from here.  He's the sweetest little dog ever.  Thank you Petique!
2	I love fast food. They are really good food.
5	three days fighting march 1918 british soldiers stuck wwi trenches northern france commanding officers quartered await german attack raleigh hugo asa butterfield inexperienced 19 year old officer actually requested join c company led much beloved former school housemaster prospective brother law captain stanhope sam claflin latter tries hide rattling insecurities mask depression booze counsel second command osborne paul bettany war lieutenant teacher family man knack holding things together trying least brass know result near total casualties matter bombs going start falling matter british soldiers northern france northern france british soldiers family man commanding officers
